okay it's kind of odd that um this the
the scary violence stuff you could tell
the kids that anything about sex you're
not supposed to talk to kids didn't used
to be that way um and the idea that
certain kids need to be shielded from
even this gruesome scary stuff
is kind of new
um if you look at fairy tales actually
you know over the course of time they
get cleaned up
from the beginning where you know
anything goes or just like totally sex
environments all the time
uh to
being more and more euphemistic so you
kind of have to figure out what's really
going on to the point where it's all
disneyfied as it is now
um
i'm not quite sure why that is one
theory is that the innocence of
childhood was actually invented during
the industrial revolution
you know during the 15th and 1600s was
this considered
totally normal in fact children were
considered to be sort of wicked
and devilish because they were tainted
by original sin this is what puritans
forget
the sin out of them
and it's only once
people's homes is also children or your
workforce right you're employing them
from a very young age it's only when the
home and the workplace was separated
from the invented factories and offices
and kind of modern model
that people felt that
women and children needed to be
protected from the real world they were
innocent creatures and and it was around
that time also that you have a division
of class such that people didn't really
hear the original fairy tales anymore
they didn't grow up with them um in fact
people have said there's only been like
one generation
between the last person who probably
middle class person who grew up being
told a fairy tale by their nanny or
their working-class governors or whoever
was taking care of them
made um
and uh when
they suddenly the romantic suddenly
rediscover the bulk
and realize that fairy tales exist you
know they only forgot for a little while
but when then they were like whoa this
isn't fit for children at all we have to
clean it up